Globus Client Library
=====================

This directory contains a Java-based client library for many Globus platform functions. This library was developed particularly to support the Globus Data Publication service. As such, it does not represent a complete implementation of all Globus platform services. It only implements those platform functions needed for Data Publication. It is expected that a more general purpose, open source, library for the Globus platform may be developed. For python users, a [library](https://github.com/globus/globus-sdk-python) is available.


### Building

Build is the common process for building libraries using maven:

`mvn install -DskipTests`

This will generate the library jar file and store it in the Maven m2 repository. Using `-DskipTests` will typically be needed unless testing is configured as described below.

#### Testing

A unit test file is included in the `src/tests` hierarchy, but it should not be considered complete or authoritative. Further, it is currently configured to load authentication information from a JSON file. This JSON would be generated by Data Publication during the users login process. It can be printed by uncommenting the log line in the method `doDSGet` in file `GlobusAuthServlet.java`. The JSON should be placed in a file called `bearerTokenList.txt` which should be on the class path of the project (e.g. `src/tests/resources`). Various other constants such as user names, endpoints, paths, etc. will also have to be customized to other environments.
